Starting divide data by different refactoring:
===============================================================================
apply local_variable_renaming on small dataset: 
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
not refactoring
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
not refactoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
not refactoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check failed
except when refactoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check failed
except when refactoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
not refactoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
not refactoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check failed
except when refactoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
not refactoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
not refactoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check failed
except when refactoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
not refactoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check failed
except when refactoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check failed
except when refactoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
not refactoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
not refactoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check failed
except when refactoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
not refactoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check failed
except when refactoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check failed
except when refactoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check failed
except when refactoring
syantax check failed
except when refactoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
not refactoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
not refactoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check failed
except when refactoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check failed
except when refactoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
not refactoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
not refactoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
not refactoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check failed
except when refactoring
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
not refactoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
not refactoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
not refactoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check failed
except when refactoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check failed
except when refactoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
not refactoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check failed
except when refactoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check failed
except when refactoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
not refactoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
not refactoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
not refactoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
not refactoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
not refactoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check failed
except when refactoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
not refactoring
syantax check success
yes have local variables
not refactoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
not refactoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
not refactoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check failed
except when refactoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check failed
except when refactoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
not refactoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check failed
except when refactoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check failed
except when refactoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check failed
except when refactoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
not refactoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check failed
except when refactoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check failed
except when refactoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check failed
except when refactoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
not refactoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check failed
except when refactoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
not refactoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
not refactoring
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
not refactoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
not refactoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check failed
except when refactoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check failed
except when refactoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
not refactoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
not refactoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
not refactoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check failed
except when refactoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
yes have local variables
success factoring
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
syantax check success
don't have local variables
effective_refactoring_size:  216  total:  5831  refactoring percentage: 3.70%
